Be more explicit about the need to subscribe to the revokeAllAccess observable (#8)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: documentation/tools/dataprotector/methods/revokeallaccessobservable.md

### Usage

```javascript
const revokeAllAccessObservable = await dataProtector
    .revokeAllAccessObservable({
        protectedData: '0xA0Cf798816D4b9b9866b5330EEa46a18382f251e'
    })
    .subscribe({
        next: (data) => {
            console.log('next', data);
        },
        error: (error) => {
            console.log('error', error);
        },
        complete: () => {
            console.log('revokeAllAccess complete');
        },
    })
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> You need to explicitly subscribe to the observable for `dataProtector` to actually revoke all access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to explicitly subscribe to the observable function `revokeAllAccessObservable` if you want to follow its evolution.
```
